you know something that's been plaguing
the anime fan base or a while is this
hole dug versus sub arguments you know
there are people out there that refuse
to listen to the English version of
anime because they think it's been
butchered very badly but then there are
people that would rather listen to the
English version because they can't
understand Japanese or they're just too
lazy to read subtitles and I guess my
response to that is quit arguing about
which you know style is better and I
know that was a telling example but like
you get my point on me if you like the
dubs no monster does got the subs and
watch the subs I mean there's really no
big way I can put this I mean if you
come on and anime video and it is
English dubs and you say that you like
the subs better that is going to make
you like a fool because why are you
watching the doves when you say you like
the subs better you see how that makes
no sense do you see how that makes no
sense I mean as an anime found myself I
like both the dubs and the sub because
sometimes I get too lazy to read
subtitles and I wanna watch an anime
that is dubbed in English because you
know English is my first language but
sometimes I like to watch the substitute
because I like the original stuff you
know you know I like the language that
it was originally made in but seriously
um it doesn't matter to me i watch both
eng subs and it does but people still
seem to think that dubbing anime is
wrong I mean not all companies are like
four kids and they don't up royally
like four kids does I think it's may
induce the fact that for kids is well
for kids and if you're like over the age
of thirteen you shouldn't be watching
for kids and amazed because they usually
butcher really really badly they're only
like well only watch one for kids anime
dub and that's yo DX and you going
yugioh 5d so I guess that really counts
as three since two are like the spin-off
so the first one but yeah you get my
point but anyway stop this hold up
versus sub arguments it really doesn't
matter it just makes you look like a
total moron if you keep arguing about
this and just watch whatever version
that you prefer I mean it's no big deal
I mean seriously all right O'Brien now